Laboratory: Linux and Emacs Scavenger hunt

1. man -k [specific function, i.e. find]
I used man man and found the -k option which gives the specific commands that 
a function has. In my case, I used man -k find

2. I typed whereis -s cp and whereis -s wc to find the source files for both 
cp and wc inside the file system. /usr/bin/wc and /bin/cp respectively

3. 

4. I typed in ls -al /usr/bin/cc and it says the symbolic link actually runs 
gcc.

5. The symbolic mode g-s means that for the group permissions, there is a 
setgid bit where a specific permission is. This means that upon execution for
this file, it will allow the group to run the executable with permissions of
the executable's owner. 

6. you use the option '-mtime -3' to find files that have not been modified 
for the past 3 days. 

7. I would just type 'find / -mtime -3 -type d' to search all the files 
recursively from the root directory for directories that haven't been modified
in the past 3 days. If my current directory was root, I would just use the 
command 'find . -mtime -3 -type d' to search from the current directory (root)

8. In order to find all the files that had symbolic links, I first navigated
to the directory find was under (bin) and then I used the command
'find . -type l -ls' to list out all the symbolic link files. There were 17 
with symbolic links.

9. In order to find the oldest file in this directory, I first navigated to 
the stated directory, then I ran the command 'ls -lrt' and scrolled all the
way up to find the oldest modified file which was libIce.so.6.3.0 An alternate
solution was to type ls -gt | tail-1 which simply returned the file.

10. the locale command gets its data from /usr/bin, I know this because I ran
the command readlink -f locale

11. There is the M-x sort-lines, sort-paragraphs, sort-pages, sort-fields,
sort-columns, sort-numeric-fields. 

12. C-a (move cursor home) C-b (cursor left) C-d (delete) C-e (move to end of
line) C-f (cursor right) C-g (cancel) C-h (backspace) C-k (delete line) C-l
(redraw screen) C-n (cursor down) C-o (new line or blank line) C-p (prev line)
C-q (quote insert) C-r (search back) C-s (search forward) C-w (cut) C-x 
(prefix for file commands) C-y (yank / paste)

13. C-g will cancel a partially typed or executing command

14. The yank funciton pastes whatever you copied

15. The emacs dired command can optionally list some subdirectories too